The Joe Rogan experience.
So what are you telling me? Jamie? There's a UFO yesterday. Yeah.
Uh,
NFL popular quarterback for the Cleveland Browns from random number one pick and
Heisman winner. I think he lives in Austin and the off season and he, uh,
saw a potential UFO last night.
He says almost a hundred percent M and I just saw a UFO drop straight out of the
sky on our way home from dinner,
we stopped and looked at each other and asked if either of us saw it very bright
ball of light going straight down out of the sky towards lake Travis
could have been the drone kind of in some kids. He's a football.
Player. Yeah. Are we going to believe him? Because he's famous.
Yeah. That's the only reason I just got a lot of attention as well. He's famous.
So you listen to his Twitter, I guess. I don't know.
Have you ever seen anything crazy?
No. No. I, I don't think crazy. Um,
when I'm up in the mountains sometimes camping or whatever, I'll see.
I feel like some shooting stars and some stars, you know, fall,
which actually, now that I'm saying it might be a little bit crazy,
so maybe I have seen some. I don't know.
I want to think I'm seeing some crazy, but I definitely have it.
I thought I did when I was a kid, but now I think I was probably lying. Yeah,
no. When I think about it, when I was a kid, I was probably full.
I probably wanted it. You know what I'm saying? Like,
I probably saw like a military jet and I thought,
and I wanted it to be something cool.
Like I remember the first time I ever saw stealth bomber were filming fear
factor and it was over Palm and Palmdale, which is near Edwards air force base.
If I didn't know what that was, I would 100% think that was from another planet.
You know, when you see the thing, black wing flying overhead,
it's like it's pretty bad.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't think I w you know,
I think that my brain would just immediately be like, ask something.
Can explain that. Yeah.
Well, that's the problem with anything like that. It's like,
it's the idea that you're looking at something from another planet is so
it's so outside of what you see every day, you don't know where to put it.
It's getting less outside though. Right? It's getting less outside,
which is weird. What's up with the, uh,
because I remember you saying something about it on the podcast.
What's up with that bill that passed that said that the, yeah.
I have to release whatever information they have to release about.
The COVID relief bill and inside the COVID relief bill they gave,
I think that it was the CIA.
They gave the central intelligence agency 180 days or something like that to
release all the information that they have about UFO's.
Where, where are we at on that? I don't know. That's a good question.
What day are we?
They're not, they don't have to really show. They're not saying, oh,
this is what we got. We got a blurry picture. Get the out of my house.
Yeah. We're not going to know anything. Yeah.
The idea that they're going to tell these senators and all these elected people,
what they know, they're not telling them.
The aliens told them that they have 180 days to tell everyone [inaudible].
Right now you're talking. If Trump didn't tell everybody,
we're not going to know.
Yeah. Yeah. That's true. I, I.
Remember when Chris rock was talking about Obama and he was talking about bomb.
People were disappointed in Obama's first administration. And he said,
you got to wait until the second term.
And that's when you do some really gangster.
And Obama didn't do any gangster in the secondary.
But if Trump got elected again in 2024,
because you can only do it twice. If he got elected again in 2024,
maybe he would tell us, you know, recount the votes, maybe he'll
get on TV. And that's the first he talks about right away. Here's what I say.
Here's what the, a, okay.
Include included as a committee comment on the intelligence authorization
act.
The committee directs the director of the national intelligence
in consult consultation with the secretary of defense and the heads of such
other agencies to submit a report within 180 days of the date of enactment of
the act to the congressional intelligence and armed services committees on
you, a piece,
why can't they just say UFO's unidentified aerial phenomenon.
What's the difference on identified flying objects.
They got tired of using that. So they changed it to UAP.
Why are they going to with us, man, UAP words change all the time.
They have to catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free.
Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expenses.